Move kaiju2table to profiling (#240)
nf-core/taxprofiler: docs/output.md

### Kaiju

[Kaiju](https://github.com/bioinformatics-centre/kaiju) is a taxonomic classifier that finds maximum exact matches on the protein-level using the Burrows-Wheeler transform.

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `kaiju`
  - `<db_name>/`
    - `<sample_id>_<db_name>.kaiju.tsv`: Raw output from Kaiju with taxonomic rank, read ID and taxonic ID
    - `<sample_id>_<db_name>.kaijutable.txt`: Summarised Kaiju output with fraction abundance, taxonomic ID, number of reads, and taxonomic names (as generated by `kaiju2table`)

</details>

> The most useful summary file is the `*kaijutable.txt` file which summarises hits across all treads. However if you wish to look at more precise information on a per-read bases `*tsv` file. The default taxonomic rank is `species`. You can provide a different one by updating the argument `--kaiju_taxon_rank`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most useful summary file is the `*kaijutable.txt` file which summarises hits across all reads. However if you wish to look at more precise information on a per-read basis, see the `*tsv` file. The default taxonomic rank is `species`. You can provide a different one by updating the argument `--kaiju_taxon_rank`.
```
